Chapter 2, In the Police Station with a
Strange Cop Valeria is very desperate
She often worries about her brother But
now it's different, her brother is missing
She's going to the police station to
report it
Good morning, sir
I want to report a missing person
Hello, miss I'll be asking you some
questions to file the disappearance report
All right
Tell me, what's your full name?
Valeria Smith Who's the missing person?
My brother What's his full name?
David Smith Where are you from?
I'm from Texas
Where is he from?
He's from Ohio, he was born there
How old are you?
I'm 35 How old is he?
He's 28 Where do you live?
I live in Bronx
Where does he live?
He also lives in Bronx
He lives with me and my family What do
you do?
I'm a high school teacher
I work in St. Louis School
And your brother?
What does he do?
He's unemployed now, but he was a waiter
Where did he work?
He worked in McDonald's
Is he married?
No, he's not married
But he has a girlfriend
Does his girlfriend know he's missing?
I really don't know I haven't talked with
her yet
Can you please describe your brother?
Okay He's a good man Though he used to
steal my candies when we were little And
he doesn't like to take showers
But he likes books, photographs, and food
Miss Are you kidding me?
Can you please help me?
Describe your brother physically
Oh, sorry He's tall, short curly hair,
brown eyes, and he's skinny
What was he wearing the last time you saw him?
He was wearing a blue shirt, green pants,
and black shoes And why is he missing?
What do you think?
I don't know He always tells me where
he's going
But this time, he didn't Okay, that's it
You'll be called if necessary
But do you know anything about him?
I have got a lot of work to do Next
Valeria leaves really worried St. Louis
is a very big and dangerous city
Where can he be?
She constantly asks herself